OMG Are you crazy!! How much money did you just put on there! Waay to generous sweety.
Still not sure when I am going to be able to get up there but hope it is soon. 

Did you have a nice time at Pepper's? 

Is Chloe better? I got her cold too. :-D Think I was run down from recovering from that 4week cough I had after my other cold and by the Sat after you left I was snotty and sick. I slept all day Sat and cancelled my hike on Sunday and I was ok for work by Monday (though looked like Rudolph). I took a bunch of minerals (zinc vit c, Iron and B group) and I got better reasonably quick.
The last week there was gastro going around all the schools and childcare centres so probably good that you were not down here last week (imagine the flight home if she got that at the park instead of a cold!!). Lots of Mum's at my work have it so I'm avoiding them and hitting the hand sanitiser pretty hard ...Just in case. :-D

Have you done any more networking for the types of role you want to do in IT liaising? 




On Wed, Apr 13, 2016 at 8:22 AM, Kirsten Zimbardi <kirsten.zimbardi@gmail.com> wrote:
Hey Chicky - sorry for delay! Just sent ur b'day present so should arrive in ur 'global wallet' soon :)
Hope all is well
Hugs & 😘
K

Sent using CloudMagic Email

On Wed, Mar 30, 2016 at 1:52 PM, Leonie Baker <leonie.baker77@gmail.com> wrote:
Ok.. I think we are finally there. My identity has been verified and my Global Wallet has been activated.
Global Wallet : 0010-1076064910

Is that all you need or do you need the direct load or BPay load details?

Hugs,
Le



On Tue, Mar 8, 2016 at 9:33 AM, Kirsten Zimbardi <kirsten.zimbardi@gmail.com> wrote:
Awesome - sounds like fun :) let me know when the velocity card comes...
Hugs
K

Sent from my iPhone

On 7 Mar 2016, at 9:47 AM, Leonie Baker <leonie.baker77@gmail.com> wrote:

No drama.
I've not got the global wallet card thingy yet. Just the Velocity account. :-)

We have QLD weather at the moment. 35`C and hugs crazy downpours. Clipsal Race was cut short due to all the water, Fringe Garden of Unearthly Delights got washed out and the generators to multiple venues blew with all the water. Lots of events cancelled and refunded. Went to a show last night with some friends and 2 out of 4 were drenched through and covered in mud. But it was ok ...we were seeing a play which is set in WWI and all the audience sits inside a replica WWI Bunker with the actors - wooden bench seats, a dirt floor, snoke filled, with lanterns etc. Being wet and muddy just added to the ambiance of the show. :-D

Hugs.
Le

On Sat, Mar 5, 2016 at 6:49 AM, Kirsten Zimbardi <kirsten.zimbardi@gmail.com> wrote:
Heya – sorry to make sending your present a pain! Attached is a screenshot of the global wallet site – once you get the visa debit card and activate it (along with annoying security questions), then at the top of the tab, just underneath the ‘available balance’ is the “Global Wallet Account Number” i.e. mine is 0010-1066… That’s the number you need to send me so I can transfer :)
Hugs
K

—
Dr Kirsten Zimbardi
Data Science Strategist & Consultant
Email: kirsten.zimbardi@gmail.com
Skype: kirsten.zimbardi
PH: +61 418 837 741


